{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt helvetica};}{\f93\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f94\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f96\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f97\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f98\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f99\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f100\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f101\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f103\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt helvetica};}{\f104\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt helvetica};}{\f106\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt helvetica};}{\f107\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt helvetica};}
{\f108\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt helvetica};}{\f109\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt helvetica};}{\f110\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt helvetica};}
{\f111\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt helvetica};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid11682851}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.5522;}{\info{\title Client,}
{\author GregHolden}{\operator CPS Insurance Sevices}{\creatim\yr2004\mo1\dy13\hr9\min10}{\revtim\yr2004\mo1\dy13\hr9\min10}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords472}{\nofchars2692}{\*\company CPS Insurance Services}{\nofcharsws3158}{\vern16495}}
\margl1152\margr1152\margt576 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace100\dgvspace136\dghorigin1152\dgvorigin576\dghshow2\dgvshow2
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot11682851 \fet0\sectd 
\binfsxn15\binsxn15\psz1\linex0\headery576\footery1440\sectlinegrid272\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11682851 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11682851 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11682851 
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \s1\ql \li0\ri0\keepn\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \b\f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11682851 Getting Insured
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f1\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11682851 
\par 
\par 
\par Client,
\par 
\par The process of becoming insured seems to have some common high and low points.  If you have been through the process before, you may already know what to expect and may not need to read this letter.  If you have not been t
hrough the process of getting insured before, you are probably approaching it with some degree of both anxiety and excitement.  The purpose of this letter is not to cast a shadow of a doubt on your commitment to own insurance, but rather to simply point o
ut some of these high and low points that occur during the process.  This way, you will have a realistic idea of what to expect.
\par 
\par First, the process of becoming insured creates some degree of uncertainty and inconvenience.  You will need to be examined by a paramed \endash 
 someone you have never met.  I understand that this can be an unsettling experience and, accordingly, I expect the paramed to respect the fact that this is a very personal issue.  I want to know immediately if you have any problems in this area,
 so I can take immediate steps to correct them.  Some helpful hints to practice before your insurance exam: 1) No exercise 12 hours prior to your test; 2) Do not drink more caffeine than usual on that morning; 3) No tobacco use 2 hours prior; and 4) You h
ave the option to request a wide blood pressure cuff if you feel your arm is thicker than the average person.
\par 
\par Second, the process of becoming insured proceeds in stages.  One of the most difficult stages is working through the underwriting of your case.  T
his process may seem slow, but all of the details regarding your health and finance must be viewed at this time.  The insurance carriers require thorough analysis by underwriters and it\rquote 
s critical that they are given the opportunity to look at your set of circumstances in the most favorable light.
\par 
\par Also, it is possible I may need to be in contact with you in regards to a health or finance issue, which is identified by the underwriter on your case.  We may need to discuss an issue that may cause some uncomfo
rtable feelings, and for that I apologize in advance, but once again, it is important that we give the underwriter all of the relevant information, so the best offer for your insurance coverage will result.
\par 
\par Next comes the offer stage, which most people are excited about.  When I am able to contact you to let you know the results of the underwriter\rquote 
s analysis, in the form of the exact rate for the coverage required, we are at the point where we can finalize the payment and structure, and take care of getting you the insurance policy you desire.
\par 
\par Thanks to a well-planned and coordinated effort, the day arrives when I can deliver your policy.  I will take a payment, if not already made, and a signature \endash  and in exchange, present you with your life insurance po
licy.  Now you will have the comfort of knowing your family or business financial need is satisfied, and that you can rely on me to assist should another such need arise.
\par 
\par Please let me know if you have any questions about this process, or any suggestions about how I can minimize the disruption to your regular schedule.  Thank you.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par Sincerely,
\par }}